[MRG] Avoid nonlinear complexity for repr of nested estimators when print_c… (#18508)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.24.rst

:mod:`sklearn.utils`
....................

> - |Enhancement| Avoid nonlinear complexity for ``repr`` of nested estimators
>   when `print_changed_only=True`.

Reviewer: I think we should avoid the term nonlinear complexity and instead be very explicit that the calls are now faster.

Also, this should be instead in a `Miscellaneous` section as done in `doc/whats_new/v0.23.rst`

```suggestion
- |Enhancement| Calls to ``repr`` are now faster when `print_changed_only=True`, especially with meta-estimators.
```
